c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.exe
C:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.deps.json
C:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.pdb
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\Spectre.Console.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\Spectre.Console.Cli.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Spectre.Console.Cli.resources.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Spectre.Console.Cli.resources.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\bin\Debug\net8.0\sv\Spectre.Console.Cli.resources.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MazeBoom.dll
c:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.pdb
C:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\MazeBoom.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Samir\Documents\Heidy escuela\proyectos\PROYECTO\MazeBoom\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MazeBoom.dll
